Converting from one datatype to another can lead to data being lost or malformed. Remember, all variables in an expression must be of the same type, or else the compiler will do an implicit conversion ie int + a float.

## Implicit Data Conversions
This is data that is converted for you by the compiler is an implicit conversion. Generally, you want to try to keep all datatypes the same in expressions but this is the real world, and that doesn't always happen. Implicit conversions will convert smaller data types to larger data types (size in memory size). So an expression with floats and ints will turn the ints into floats as floats are larger.
```C++
double price{45.6};
int units{10};

double totalPrice = price * unites; // This will convert the units variable to an int
```

## Explicit Data Conversions
Explicit data conversions are conversions actively initiated by you. Static cast allows you to cast value. You cast whatever is in the parenthesis to the type of whatever is in the angled brackets. Do note, this can cause errors if you are casting incompatible types.
```C++
double x {12.5};
double y {34.6};

int sum = x + y; // Implicit Cast = 47
int sum = static<int>(x) + static_cast<int>(y); // Explicit Cast = 46
```
It is important to note, that this will return two different values because of how they are being cast. The implicit cast is adding then casting. The explicit cast is casting then adding.

## Overflow and Underflow
Remember back to when we were talking about data types and how they all have a range of values they can occupy. An example is the char which can hold values between -128 and 127. What happens when you go outside of the range, well you circle back around. When you go over it, that is a overflow and when you go below, that is a underflow.

```C++

```