
## Declaring a Pointer
You can declare a point using the * character. 

```C++
int *pointerNumber{nullptr};

int value{17};

int *pointerToVal = &value;
pointerNumber = &value;
```

This is a variable that stores an address to a variable. It also means it can only store the address for an int value and nothing else. The size of a pointer of any type will all be the same on the same machine. This is because it is storing the address of a variable.
## Pointer To Char
Same as the previous example, just swap the type of int out with char.
```C++
char letter{'A'};

char *letterPointer = &letter;
```

## Arrays of Pointer to Char
You are able to create and array of char pointers. This allows you to create a list of strings that automatically size themselves appropriately.
```C++
const char *predictions[] {
 "First String", "Second String", "Third String", "Bob", "Fifth String"
};

std::cout << predictions[3] << std::endl;
```
## Stack vs Heap
The stack is a region of memory used for static memory allocation. Used for things like storing local variables, function calls, and return addresses and is managed by the compiler. It is fast and managed automatically. Stored in a LIFO structure.

The Heap is a region of memory used for dynamic memory allocation. Is manually managed by the programmer with new/delete and malloc/free. It is slower but larger than the stack and can hold data that can outlive the scope.
## Dangling Pointers
A pointer that doesn't point to a valid memory address. Trying to use or reference that value can result in undefined behavior.
```C++
int *number; \\ Dangling because it is unitialized

\\ You can also use a pointer after it has been deleted
int* number2 {new int{67}};
std::cout << *number2 << std::endl;
delet number 2;
std::cout << *number2 << std::endl; \\ No longer valid data
```

## Preventing Dangling Pointers
1. Initialize your pointers when you create them.
	1. int* number{};
2. Reset pointers after a delete.
	1. int* number{new int{83}};
	2. delete number;
	3. number = nullptr;
3. When multiple pointers point to the same address, make sure to specify who the owner is. This can be done but simply checking if the master pointer is equal to nullptr.

## When New Fails
When new fails, your program will terminate immediately. New usually fails due to a lack of available memory. Two examples of this are:
```C++
\\ First Example
int* lofsOfData {new int[100000000000000000000000]};

\\ Second Example
for (size_t i{}; i < 1000000000; ++i) {
	int* lotsOfData {new int[10000]};
}
```

You can combat this with try/except statements or by using std::nothrow and checking for a nullptr.

## Null Pointer Safety
You want to make sure that the data you are working with contain a valid memory address. You can check if a value is equivalent to nullptr to see if they are valid.
```C++
int *number{};

if(!(number == nullptr)) {
	\\ Valid
} else {
	\\ Not Valid
}
```

Just to note, it is ok to delete a nullptr, it will not cause any issues.