Functions are reusable chunks of code that you can use throughout your code. Here is an example of a function.
```C++
int max(int a, int b) {
	if (a>b) {
		return a;
	}
	else {
		return b;
	}
}
```

## Function Declaration and Definition
You can separate the declaration and implementation of a function into two different parts in your code. Just a note, the declaration needs to come before you try to call it.
```C++
// Declaration
int max(int a, int b);

// Other Code

// Implementation
int max(int a, int b) {
	if (a>b) {
		return a;
	}
	else {
		return b;
	}
}
```

## Pass By Value
You are passing a copy of data into the function.
```C++
int increment(int a) {
	return a++;
}
```

## Pass By Pointer
You pass a pointer to a variable so you are modify the variable directly. This means you don't have to return the data as you can just modify it in the function and it will modify the variable with the pointer.
```C++
void increment(int* a) {
	(a*)++;
}
```

## Pass By Reference
Similar to passing by pointer in concept but instead of it being a pointer, it is a reference. Simpler syntax than passing by pointer.
```C++
void increment(int& a) {
	a++;
}
```

## Array Function Parameters
When you pass an array into a function, you also need to pass in the length of the array. This will allow you to iterate over the whole array without seg-faulting. You can also pass references to an array into the function in order to allow you to update the array without having to return the array.
```C++
void sum(double array[], size_t count) {
	// Do stuff
}
```

## Multi Dimensional Arrays
You can also pass in multidimensional arrays. You do need to specify the second dimension.
```C++
void sum(double array[][3], size_t width, size_t height) {
	// Do stuff
}

// Same with 3d and so on
void sum(double array[][3][4], size_t width, size_t height, size_t depth) {
	// Do stuff
}
```

## Default Function Arguments
In the definition of the function, you can specify default values by doing a type name = value.
```C++
int increment(int a = 12) {
	return a++;
}
```