Function templates are a tool in C++ that are provided to prevent excessive code repetition. For example, let's say you want a function that can take any input. Using function overloading you would have to replicate the code with different definitions many times. Using function templates, you would just do the following:
```C++
template <typename T>

T maximum( T a, T b){
    return (a > b) ? a : b;
}
```

Function templates are not real C++ code, they are just blueprints. The compiler will generate real C++ code by look at the arguments you call your function template with. Pretty much just auto makes the overloads for you.

## Explicit Arguments
In case you want to tell the compiler what version of the function you want called, you can specify a type.
```C++
maximum<double>(a,b);
```

## Template Parameters By Reference
You can pass a template variable by reference into a function just like you can with any other variables.
```C++
template <typename T>

void increment( T& a ){
    a = a + a;
}
```

## Overloading Template Functions
If you make a template function and then overload it with explicit implementations, that overloaded implementation will take precedence if it matches.

## Function Templates with Multiple Parameters
You can pass in multiple template types into a function. A note here is that you usually have to define an additional type for the return time so it isn't dependent on the type of the input parameters
```C++
template <typename ReturnType, typename T, typename P>
ReturnType maximum(T a, P b) {
	return (a > b) ? a : b;
}
```

It is also beneficial to specify the types when you call the template. At the very least, you will need to specify the return type.
```C++
int max1 = maximum<int, char, long>('c', 12L);
```