Classes are user defined data types that serve as a collection of data and functions. Think of them as blueprints for encapsulation data and functions.

Here is an example of a C++ class for a cylinder:
```C++
class Cylinder {
public:
	double baseRadius {1.0};
	double height {1.0};

public:
	double volume() {
		return PI * baseRadius * baseRadius * height;
	}
};
```

This is how you would use it:
```C++
Cylinder cylinder1;
std::cout << "Volume is: " << cylinder1.volume() << std::endl;
```

## Constructors
Constructors are a special type of class method that is called when your class is created. It has no return type, has the same name as the class, can have parameters and is usually used to initialize member variables of a class. Here is an example with two constructors, one which takes a height and radius, and the other which sets default values. I will also make the member variable private so they can't be changed:
```C++
class Cylinder {
private:
	double baseRadius {1.0};
	double height {1.0};

public:
	Cylinder(){
		baseRadius = 2.0;
		height = 2.0;
	};
	
	Cylinder(double radiusParam, double heightParam){
		baseRadius = radiusParam;
		height = heightParam;
	};
	
	double volume() {
		return PI * baseRadius * baseRadius * height;
	};
};
```

## Stack vs Heap Object Allocation
If you use the method above, you will create an instance of a class that is on the stack. You can also create a pointer to an instance of your class and use arrow notation.
```C++
// Stack object notation
Cyclinder c1(10, 1);
c1.volume();

// Heap object notation
Cyclinder *c2 = new Cylinder(11, 20);
c2->volume();
```

## Destructors
Destructors are special methods your compiler call when an object dies. They are usually used for freeing up dynamically allocated memory or some other form of cleanup. It is spelled the same way the constructor and class are but prepended with a tilde.
```C++
class Cylinder {
private:
	double baseRadius {1.0};
	double height {1.0};

public:
	// Constructor
	Cylinder(){
		baseRadius = 2.0;
		height = 2.0;
	};

	// Destructor
	~Cylinder(){
		// Delete Dynamic Data
	};
	
	Cylinder(double radiusParam, double heightParam){
		baseRadius = radiusParam;
		height = heightParam;
	};
	
	double volume() {
		return PI * baseRadius * baseRadius * height;
	};
};
```

Destructors can get called when an object is passed by value to a function, when a local object is returned from a function, when a local stack object dies, and when a heap object is released with delete.

## The This Pointer
Each class member function contains a hidden pointer called this. That pointer contains the address of the current object of which the method is getting executed. This can be useful for when you have a parameter and member variable with the same name.

```C++
void setName(const std::string& dogName) {
	// dogName = dogName; ---> This causes an error
	this->dogName = dogName;
}
```

## Struct VS Class
You can create objects with both the struct and class keyword, the only difference being that class members are private by default whereas struct member are public by default. You can still specify what is public and private in structs, just like in classes.

## Size of a Class
When you try to get the size of a class, it will return the summed sized of all member variables, most of the time...