## The Default Constructor
A default constructor allows you to initialize a class without passing it parameters. An example:
```C++
class Point {
public:
    int x;
    int y;

    Point() = default;

    Point(int x_, int y_)
        : x(x_), y(y_) {}
};

// Default Constructor
Point p;

// Constructor with paramters
Point p{2, 3};
```

The only difference is that the default constructor allocates space for the Point but does not set x or y. If you try to access x or y, you will get garbage data. Conceptually, a constructor with parameters is the same as a default constructor and then assigning the x and y value.
```C++
// This
Point p;  
p.x = 2;  
p.y = 3;

// Is the same as this in machine code and performance
Point p{2, 3};
```

## Initializer Lists For Constructors
It is a different way of initiliazing member variables in the constructor of a class. The two examples are equivelant. The first one will do it with member wise assignments and the second example will use initializer lists.
```C++
Cylinder::Cylinder(double radius_param, double height_param) {
	base_radius = radius_param;
	height = height_param;
}
```

With initializer list.
```C++
Cylinder::Cylinder(double radius_param, double height_param)
	: base_radius(radius_param), height(height_param) {}
```

The benefits of initializer lists are that they avoid unnecessary copies and sometimes they are the only way to initialize an object.

## Initializer Lists vs Member Wise Copy Initialization
Member wise copy initialization will create the instance of the class and then copy in the parameters to assign to member variables. This is an extra copy step that initialization lists avoid as the member variables are initialized at object creation. Another difference is that in initializer lists, the order of member variables does matter where as it doesn't in member wise copy.

This means that you will have to initialize your objects in the order they were declared in the class definition.

## Explicit Constructors
Adding the explicit keyword to a constructor makes it so the the compiler never uses it in an implicit conversion. In other words, if we have a class with a single parameter constructor of type double, we could pass a double into a function that requires that class. The compiler will see that you passed a double and that the constructor of the required class only has a single double parameter and implicitly create a class for you. That is not desired behavior sometimes so to prevent this add the explicit keyword.
```C++
class Point {
public:
    int x;
    int y;

    explicit Point(int x_, int y_)
        : x(x_), y(y_) {}
};

// Default Constructor
Point p;
```

## Move Constructors
We will be stealing data from temporary objects. We will be using the following Point class as an example;
```C++
class Point {
private:
  double *x{};
  double *y{};
public:
  Point(double x_param, double y_param);
  ~Point();
};
```

Here is the syntax we will use to build from temporaries:
```C++
Point p3(Point(40.7, 50.3));

// To really force the compiler to treat the object as a temporary
Point p3(std::move(Point(40.7, 50.3)));
```

The reason this could be useful is that moving an expensive object is cheaper than copying it. Now you can override the default copy behavior with the more effective and efficient move behavior. Here is an example of the move constructor:
```C++
// Move Constructor
Point::Point(Point&& sourcePoint)
  : x(sourcePoint.get_x()),
    y(sourcePoint.get_y())
{
  sourcePoint.invalidate();
  std::cout << "Body of move constructor" << std::endl;
}
```

This takes the data from the source point and moves it to the new point and then removes access to that data from the source point.

## Deleted Constructors
Deleting a constructor disables the constructor from being used to create objects. All you have to do is use the delete keyword.
``` C++
Point() = delete;
Point(const Point& sourcePoint) = delete;
point(Point&& sourcePoint) = delete;
```
