## Variables
Variables allow you to store data. Examples:
```C++
int age{20};
double weight{1.2};
char grade{'a'};
```

It is best to initialize data or else trash will be there. Here is how you initialize to 0 or the equivalent in 0 for a few data types.
```C++
int age{};
double weight{};
char grade{};

// or

int age{10};
double weight{1.2};
char grade{'a'};
```

## Integers
Integers are used to store whole numbers and take up 4 bytes. Good for storing things that aren't fractional. Things like the number of people in a room or the number of robots on the field.

```C++
int population{20};
population = 19;
int numRobots{100};
int willToLive{-100000}
```

## Integer Modifiers
The default is signed, it allows you to have positive or negative numbers. The max and min of a signed int is 2147483647 and -2147483648 (INT_MAX). Unsigned makes it so you can only hold positive numbers. The max and min of an unsigned integer is 4294967295 and 0 (UINT_MAX). If you max a number value in C++, it will roll over to the smallest number.
```C++
int test1{100};
signed int test2{100};

unsigned int test3{100};

unsigned int test4{-10}; // error
```

## Short and Long Ints
Short ints have a max and min value of 32767 and -32768. Long ints have a max and min value of 9223372036854775807 and -9223372036854775808.
```C++
short int shorty{12};
long int longy{12000};
```

## Combine Short, Long, and Unsigned
You can make shorts and longs unsigned to increase their range in exchange for not being able to go negative. Unsigned Long now maxes out at 18446744073709551615 and unsigned shorts are 65535.

## Fractional Numbers
In C++, fractional numbers can be stored in float, double, and long double. Double is recommended by default for fractional numbers. floats are 4 bytes and have 7 points of precision. Doubles are 8 bytes and have 15 points of precision. Long Doubles are 12 bytes and has at least as much precision than a normal double but it varies. Precision is the number of numbers that can be maintained after the decimal.
```C++
float test1{12.3};
double test2{12.33};
long double test3{12.333333};
```

## Fraction Numbers Lose precision
Because of the fact that they have points of precision, numbers will lose accuracy if you try to be too accurate.

## Booleans
Booleans are a type that can store only two values in C++, true or false. True is also 1 and false is also 0;
```C++
bool yes{true};
bool no{false};
```

## Chars
Chars store a single text value. The characters must be in single quotes. They occupy one byte in memory. The max and min value of a signed char is 127 and -127. For an unsigned char it is 0 and 255. More info on what ascii values exist (https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/chars/).
```C++
char grade{'A'}
char randomLetter{'q'}
```

## Auto
This is a keyword that let's the compiler deduce the type. A lazy way of assigning variables if the type definition is really long. Try to stay away from this, you generally want to avoid this, but just know that it exists.
```C++
auto whatAmI{0}; // int
auto whatAmI{3.14}; // double
```

## Assignments
You are able to reassign a value to a variable, you don't have to keep the same the entire time.
```C++
int test{0};
test = 1000;
test = 3;
test = -34;
```